Let's talk about getting referrals for contractors and something that happens quite often someone will
say hey I worked with a great team or a great freelancer which you'd like the referral all answer that
for you.
Yes you do want the referral.
The only things that you want to be careful with with regards to referrals are one.
Think about the person who's referring them.
Do you trust that person.
Do you trust that person's idea of quality.
2.
Do you like the Web site that that contractor made.
So if your friend has a Web site that you've been thinking to back your head how ugly that is and you
just don't want to tell them.
Then you probably don't want to take a referral for the contracting team that built it seems a little
obvious but you'd be surprised by how many people end up with contractors regardless of what they think
of the website they've seen them build.
It's weird but past that.
Why do I think about referrals referrals.
They are awesome.
Why.
Well there's two big reasons.
One previously we talked about the qualification stage of picking a freelancer or a team.
What I suggested doing was taking a very small test and giving them a project has to see how they work
how you interact What's the responsiveness.
You can skip that entire section and you can skip the entire section that's associated with finding
them to begin with.
So that saves you a lot of time.
A lot of money you might not have the familiarity with them but they come pre-vetted you've already
seen what they can build.
You already have a recommendation from someone saying to communicate well that's all you need.
And to the freelancer with the team they're going to be a lot more inclined to work harder for you.
The reason why it's just basic psychology if I work for a client and that client thinks so well of me
that he refers me to a second client and I take on that second client I now have two clients and I know
that they communicate.
So if I do a poor job with the second client that could affect my relationship with the first client
it ups the stakes for the contractor.
So and I've seen this time and time again when I get referrals and that person is referring them is
an active client or they're likely to bring back a project to that contractor.
I see a significant increase in the effort shown by the contractor.
I've seen them go beyond what I expect out of a usual fix price project or a per hour project so if
you have the option of referrals It's fantastic.
Very quick thing you could easily do if you are stuck and you don't know who to pick.
If you're Elance submission or Yoda's submission or whatever it is a very quick way of doing this.
Ask your friends.
That's Super-Duper simple.
You'd be surprised how many people have outsourced poor or contracted out.
You can get a referral from somebody.
I mean you could even private message me and I'll give you referrals.
I'm honestly not going to refer you to my company I will give you referrals from people we've worked
with so share pass the love around saves everybody a lot of time and it almost always has a better outcome.